---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	Class this week was about the third project. The first class was just about what we have to do, and what the requirements are. For the next class, there was a guy from Rackspace who came to walk up through setting up their product that we'll use for the project. He was a bit rushed, so I don't think the tutorial part of his presentation was the most helpful. I think it would've been better if he talked more about what docker and carina was and more in depth on how we would use it. Then, Friday's class was cancelled, which let me have an early start to spring break! 
	
	My group met up a few times to start working on the project. We first played around with scraping information using the API we choose. Then we split up the work. I have to work on writing the API in apiary.

2. What's in your way?
	
	In my way is my lack knowledge. I have to learn so many new things for this project. 

3. What will you do next week?
	
	This week is spring break. I really hope to get homework that is due next week out of the way so that I don't have to cram it all in Sunday night and so that I can completely focus on the third project. Hopefully, my group and I will get enough done that we don't have to stress out after we come back from spring break.
	
**Tip of the week:**   [This](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/) is the documentation for the request module in python. It has some examples on how to use it. It was really helpful to see how to request information from the API and how to interact with the information pulled.