---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	This week, we were introduced to SQL. We learned how to create tables, select rows, join tables and do subqueries. I'd say I got a bit lost around the subqueries lecture because all the new keywords used. I have to study up on that. It's good that we got an introduction to this topic during the second part of the IDB project since that part does have a lot to do with databases, but I think it would've been better to cover this last week rather than xml and JSON and regex, which did feel a bit random considering that the Friday before that we began talking about relational algebra.

	We turned in our project this week. If I were to do this part over again, I would want to make sure the models were correct before pulling all the data and putting it into the database because we ended up doing it twice or so and it is very time consuming to put that much data into the database. I also wish that I had known what the point of models.py was in the first part of the project. I didn't do a good job of understanding why people were doing certain things or what exactly was the purpose.
	
2. What's in your way?
	
	As usual, the quizzes are in my way. If I were to rate the most difficult things in this class, I'd say first is the test, then the quizzes and then projects. I'm trying to aim for a perfect score week where in one week, I get all 7/7s. Unfortunately, it hasn't happened yet.
	
3. What will you do next week?
	
	This week, we will learn about the final part of this project. I feel a bit sad that this project is almost over because I actually like it. 
	
**Tip of the week:** One of the things I struggled with in the second part of IDB was formatting the results of running the tests. The results of the tests would be returned as bytes, but then when converted to a string, there would be the results plus all the newline characters. Turns out there's this thing in [jQuery where the html](http://api.jquery.com/html/) of an element can be set. So, I turned all the newline characters into html breaks and then the jQuery would set the html of the appropriate spot on the about page.