---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	This past week we had a guest speaker from Mutual Mobile talk about open source projects. He brought up examples of how and where they were used. He also talked about how we should contribute and start by thinking about some features we feel are missing or thinking about something that doesn't work quite right and add those things. I liked his advice on just reading open source code as an educational resource. I'd never really thought of reading open source code to learn something new. Overall, I liked this guest speaker's presentation over the first one.
	

2. What's in your way?
	
	Studying for the exam will be in my way in this week. The test will be at night, so it's good that I can spend the day reviewing last minute if I need to, but at the same time, I'd have to stay on campus all day. I am looking forward to not having class on Friday though, because that means I don't have to go campus at all!

3. What will you do next week?
	
	This week I will study for the test and then take the test. I plan on implementing all the functions that we talked about in class to practice because I read about that on some former students' blogs, which leads me to my tip of the week.
	
**Tip of the week:**  [Read](https://ggambo13.wordpress.com/2015/03/09/week-7/) [former](https://cs373olivialin.wordpress.com/2015/03/09/week-7-test-one/) [students'](http://cs373svillars.blogspot.com/2015/03/week-8-316-327.html) [blogs](https://theblogofbobb.wordpress.com/2014/07/21/week-six/)! They provide some insight into what's going on in the class and give some useful tips on what helped them study.