---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	This past week we continued covering the refactoring example from last week of the code for renting movies. In discussing improvments, we learned about dynamic binding, method overriding, singletons and reflection. It was especially helpful to learn about singletons and reflection in the context of the example because I could see the reasoning behind using them. 

	A topic that would've been interesting to cover, in addition to method overriding, would be method overloading. I'm curious to see how that fits in with method overriding in a child class. 

	My group and I finished the final part of the project. The main part due was implementing search. Apparently, incorporating another group's API and the presentation weren't due until our presentation day, so on the due date, we were able to focus just on finishing up search.

2. What's in your way?
	
	With the project completed, studying for the exam is in my way, or really, getting started on studying.

3. What will you do next week?
	 
	 Looks like we have one more day of lecture and then all the other classes are group presentations. I wonder what quizzes will be like when we've got presentations. So this week, I hope to make a study plan, read what past students wrote about the exam and start studying.
	
**Tip of the week:** If I have to make http requests in a project in the future, I could use [aiohttp](http://aiohttp.readthedocs.org/en/stable/). Seems like it has [really good performance](http://pawelmhm.github.io/asyncio/python/aiohttp/2016/04/22/asyncio-aiohttp.html).