---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


1. What did you do this past week?

	This past week I worked on the Netflix project with my partner. On Wednesday, a guest speaker came to talk to us about what he does as a software engineer.

2. What's in your way?

	Readings, quizzes, turning in the assignment

3. What will you do next week?
	
	Next week, I will turn in the project with my partner.

On Monday, we were assigned the Netflix project. Given a set of customer ratings for movies, we had to predict a customer's ratings for some movie. At first, I thought it was going to be a huge project. There were so many files and so much to read through. No files were given to us this time around. And I had no idea how to predict a customer's ratings. Turns out it wasn't that bad. One of the [articles linked](http://www.science20.com/random_walk/predicting_movie_ratings_math_won_netflix_prize) on the project page was where we found out how to calculate a predicted rating. 

In the next class, a guy who graduated from UT came to talk to us about his career as a software engineer. The company he works for manages small bussiness' social media. It was interesting learning about how his company grew and how they have to handle re-architecting their code. I would've preferred that he talked on Friday and we had the lecture on Wednesday rather than the other way around because we just had the project assigned and it would've been better to hear more about stuff pertaining to the project sooner. On Friday, Dr. Downing went on to talk about zip, but that information would've been better to know about sooner rather than later. 

After that class, Dr. Downing posted a note about being responsible for stuff in the Google Doc. It's like a reminder saying "Hey, I added stuff and there's probably going to be quiz questions over the stuff I added!" So in the document were fairly detailed notes over the guest speaker's entire presentation, which ranged from talking about himself to interview tips. I wondered, how does knowing this guy's entire work history benefit my overall education? It doesn't! The quiz turned out to be about what tools he uses at work.

**Tip of the week:** When working on projects, be sure to merge to the master branch at a point where you can turn it in and then continue working. If you can't complete what you wanted and the deadline is coming up, you're still good because you've got that spot saved. Doing this really helped me out for the first project.




