---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	In class, we went on to talk about function decorators and closure. Thankfully, the new things covered were not on the test. There were 12 questions total on the exam: six short answer and six programming. I was worried about how difficult the short answer questions would be, but they weren't as bad as I thought. The difficulty of those questions was similar to quiz questions. Also, it helped to remember the things that Dr. Downing stressed in class.  I studied for the exam by implementing the functions that we discussed in detail in class, which I’m very glad I did because the some of the stuff I went over was on the exam. For the cheat sheet, I wish I had put more things from the readings. 

	We had to bring our own laptops and take the exam on canvas. Canvas isn’t the greatest for writing code. The tab key doesn’t tab text and copying and pasting code isn’t very clean.  And because of the large empty spaces on the sides of the canvas page, sometimes the question was so long that I couldn’t answer it and see the all of the question at the same time.  It’s not the best, but I suppose it’s better than a paper exam because it’s easier to insert a few lines and copy and paste on the computer than on paper.

2. What's in your way?
	
	In my way now is the third project. A really hopeful goal of mine is to get most of it out of the way before spring break so that I don't have to worry about it. 

3. What will you do next week?
	
	This week, I'll get started on the third project. 
	
**Tip of the week:**  This [article](http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/2/11140928/app-store-economy-apple-android-pixite-bankruptcy) about a company who makes apps was an interesting read. When I hear about the success stories of apps like Flappy Bird, it's easy to fantasize about coming up with a great app and getting big. But this article tells the story of what happens after getting big and then floundering. 