---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	On Monday we went over abstract factory pattern, prototype factory pattern and cloning. I think we spent too much time on cloning because I don't get what the other creation patterns were about and the whole point of going over cloning was to understand the last pattern. We also took our last quiz that day, so no quizzes during presentations. 

2. What's in your way?
	
	This week I have three tests, two of which are on the same day. So what's in my way is juggling studying for multiple exams at the same time.

3. What will you do next week?
	 
	 This week I will study for the exam. I still need to read up on what past students have said about the last exam. I have a feeling that we'll have to implement one of the relational algebra functions in python. I'll need to just memorize how to do it.
	
**Tip of the week:** I struggle with studying and keeping track of my time. A while ago, I read an article about the [Pomodoro technique](https://medium.com/swlh/how-to-work-40-hours-in-16-7-d9038681e652#.jjb1mnkgg) and actually tried it this weekend. Basically, I have to work in uninterrupted 25 minute blocks. These blocks of time are meant to be distraction free and highly productive. The logic is that when you work more intensely, you'll get more done in less time. I haven't gotten the whole timing thing down yet, where I only get 5 minutes of break between the blocks, but so far, I feel like I've been more productive in studying than I have in the past.