---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

1. What did you do this past week?

	This past week, I went to class, worked on and turned in the project and went to the career fair!

2. What's in your way?

	Since I turned in the project and the next project hasn't been assigned yet, nothing much is in my way.

3. What will you do next week?
	
	Likely the next project will be assigned next week, so I plan on starting on that. I also plan on reading the assigned articles and chapters and studying for the quizzes by going over the google doc notes.

For the collatz project, I had to write unit tests first before implementing anything. I'm not used to writing tests first. When I see something wrong, I want to fix it immediately, so it felt strange not doing that with this project.

This project was a good way for me to get a little more used to Python. Some syntax feels strange after using other languages with lots of punctuation. I remember when I first started learning Java, it felt so foreign seeing that "and" was "&&" and "or" was "||". Now learning Python, the reverse is happening: it feels weird to use the actual word "and". What's next, full sentences?!

The lectures for this week didn't feel as cohesive as last week's because it was about a variety of many things rather than one topic. This week we went over differnt types and operators. I need to study the examples and work with them myself in a sandbox for it to really sink in.  

**Tip of the week:** Whenever I need to test a little thing out or play around with some code, I like to use the website [repl.it](https://repl.it). It is a coding sandbox that handles many different languages such as Python, Javascript and C. And, I can save my work as a link. 