---
layout: post
title: Week 15 - A Review of CS 373 Software Engineering
---

I'm really glad I took this class because I got to about learn python, a commonly used language, unit testing, extreme programming, and some SQL, all of which are useful things to know if you want to be a software engineer. It's a class of actually applying concepts learned and loosely emulating what it's supposed to be like working on a project at a real job.

### Projects

There are five projects total. The last three projects build on each other resulting in a website. Each project is due every other week. It was only later that I realized that this timeline is similar to doing an agile sprint.

The first two projects are fairly easy. I highly suggest finding a partner for the Netflix project. Not because it's completely unmanageable to do alone, but because it's a good way to find at least one person you'd want to work with for the last three projects.

Regarding the final project: find a group fast! It's always good to find a group quickly so that you can start the project sooner. Some people in my class didn't find a group until the week the first phase was due. The first phase of the project was especially overwhelming because of all the new tools we had to learn and figure out what it was for and all the requirements. Here's the gist of what needs to be done for each phase:

**Phase 1:** set up home page, navigation, non dynamic grid pages (each containing at least three models), specific models' pages, about page, determine what data you want displayed, scrape data
Really think about what things you want on your site because it's a pain to add more information later. Whenever you scrape more data to put on the site, make sure to update models.py! That file basically says what gets stored in the database for phase 2. I didn't know what that file did and I would scrape something extra and didn't change that file so in the next phase, that extra thing I added wouldn't be in the database. 

**Phase 2:** make database, make API, make pages pull from database, run unit tests on about page
Nearly all parts of this project, except for running unit tests, depend on getting the databse up and running.

**Phase 3:** add search, make presentation, implement other team's API
The presentation and implementation of another team's API wasn't due until we presented. I didn't implement search, but from what my teammate who did implement it said, it seemed like a giant pain to do. I think implementing it would be much easier if we had thought about the ways of implementing search and how we should set up the database to allow for searching. Since we hadn't thought of that ahead of time, like in phase 2, our search happened all on the front end.

### Quizzes and Tests

Quizzes and tests were the most difficult part of the class for me because I didn't study as hard as I should've for the quizzes. I thought they're not a big deal, but really, they add up to be a big deal. I should've studied for the quizzes like I was studying for the exam. 

The first test was all in python. The best way to succeed on that test is to study the functions covered in class. Also, if the topic was covered extensively (at least more than one day), really make sure to look at it.

There wasn't much python on the second test. My advice is again, go over functions covered in class. I guess that's a good way of figuring out if someting is important, if it was discussed for more than one lecture, study it carefully!

In sum, this class was an extremely valuable learning experience and it is definitely worth taking. 
