---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

1. What did you do this past week?

	This past week, I went to class, read the readings and worked on setting up the project.

2. What's in your way?

	I really need to look at what I need to read ahead of time. I didn't read the book readings until the day before and although it wasn't a ton to do and didn't take that long, it didn't feel that great seeing that I had to read ~70 pages in one go. So, my lack of organization is in the way.

3. What will you do next week?
	
	Next week, I will work on the project more, do more readings and go to class. 

This past week we learned about testing, asserts and exceptions. I really enjoyed last lecture on exceptions. The example at the beginning effectively demonstrated why using asserts are bad to test functionality and check user error (because they completely stop everything when they fail and gives the program no chance to recover) and the metaphor comparing a gun to an assert really drilled in why they're bad. Overall, I liked the organization and flow of the lecture. The material from the last class naturally flowed to the topic of the next class and it was engaging and interesting. Walking out of class that day I was thinking,  "Wow, what a great lecture!" and I *never* think that!

It seems that for the quizzes with two questions, one is over the reading and one is something about programming or related to the project. I didn't do very well on the quizzes which especially stinks because I actually read the readings. What's tough is that there is so much material covered in the readings, that I don't know what is especially important. I also struggle with that in what I need to take notes on. I have a feeling that the readings about college or work are just for our general learning about life/work, so they probably won't be on the test, but I don't really know.

With this project, what we need to do is all laid out in steps on the project page. It feels more manageable and less daunting with the list of things. There's a small feeling of accomplishment with each finished step. I got a step done! I'm actually getting somewhere! I'm actually doing something! It's a real luxury having that because very rarely will things be spelled out for me. I'll enjoy it while I can.

**Tip of the week:** The weakest link is the [human link](https://medium.com/@espringe/amazon-s-customer-service-backdoor-be375b3428c4#.hf2bnlvt6).