---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

1. What did you do this past week?

	This past week, we went over the RMSE fuction in greater detail, list comprehension, and generators. First we implement something on our own or with a partner and then we spend class looking at the different and inceasingly concise ways to write the same thing, until finally, we arrive at a one line solution. One line solutions are neat, but inside they make me cringe. It's fun to see that it can be done, but I would avoid writing things in one line because it's not easily readible.
	The project was also due this past Thursday. It felt good to be able to turn it in earlier rather than rushing to finish at 9 pm to turn it in. 

2. What's in your way?
	
	The daily quizzes are holding me back. Lately, they haven't been over the readings. I'm slow at solving things and on top of that, I like to work problems out on paper. I feel rushed because of the time limit, causing me to skim over the question, which has made me miss some problems. I need to get better at these quizzes.

3. What will you do next week?
	
	Next week, I should start studying for the test. I'm worried about that because I have no idea what the test will be like. Will it be similar to the quizzes? Will it ask questions about the readings? Will it all be multiple choice? Will we have to write code? I do have a feeling there will be questions about stuff that he's asked people repeatedly, like "Why can't you call next on a list?"
	
**Tip of the week:**  It's like codecademy but for [git](http://pcottle.github.io/learnGitBranching/).