---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	This past week, we finished going over SQL and then started going over refactoring examples from the book. It seems easier to read the examples in the book than the one in class because the ones in the readings are short. The example in class has a lot of code that we can't see all at once. The current method of viewing the refactoring example and improving it is not the most ideal. Refactoring involves a lot of changes, but we view one static file for each major example. Each person that is called on makes some improvements, but the code we look at doesn't change, so it's hard for the next person to remember what the people before them changed. 

	My group started work on the final phase of the project. The main things to do in this part are: implement search, incorporate another team's API, and the presentation. 
	
2. What's in your way?
	
	Other classes are in my way. Since we're moving towards the end of the semester, I have another project and presentation to do in another class and then tests. I'm glad that all my classes don't have a final exam during finals, but I'm not looking forward to so many exams in a week.
	
3. What will you do next week?
	
	This week the project is due, so I plan on working to finish it. We still have to do search and incorporating the other team's API.  
	
**Tip of the week:** [Here](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/man-accidentally-deletes-his-entire-company-with-one-line-of-bad-code-a6984256.html) is a story about a guy who deleted everything on his servers, which hosts his clients' websites. Turns out it was a [hoax](http://www.dailydot.com/technology/marco-marsala-deleted-business-code-hoax-viral-marketing/) for him to get more publicity. Lessons from this story are: have actual backups and don't use (fake) catastrophic failure to promote your business.