---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

1. What did you do this past week?
	
	We finished up the section of python with the topic of closures. Closures are a function within a function that refer to values defined in the outer function. In the discussion about closures, it would've been good to know what they're good for. Before spring break, we did do an example of rewriting collatz to use decorators. But really, I think the point of that example, besides seeing that we can do it, is that closures allow you to avoid using global variables and provide data hiding. 

	The first part of the database project was due this week. I worked on making templates for the web pages and routing them using flask. I could've used angularjs to do that, but I think that doing it with flask is a lot simpler. I didn't have to make a bunch of files for all the different controllers for web pages or anything. I just had to pass the relevant information to the template. I think that for this project, we'll use angularjs here and there for little things.

2. What's in your way?
	
	For this project, I'm worried that I won't branch out and learn and do something completely different. I have done front end work before, so it is easy to just do that to get the project done. I have to make an effort to say 'I want to do this thing I have zero experience in.'

3. What will you do next week?
	
	This week is the start of project 4, or IDB 2, so I'll start working on it with the group. 
	
**Tip of the week:**   When I had to add angularjs to the flask templates, I had no idea how because syntax for jinja is similar to angular. So, on [jinja's website](http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/dev/templates/#escaping) they have information on how to escape sections. Using their {% raw %} block, I can put angularjs into the template.