---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

This past week was the first week of the spring semester. To prepare for the class, I explored Dr. Downing’s website, skimming over the schedule and perusing through past semesters’ final projects, and bought the textbooks online. I also made sure to install the tools mentioned in the getting started section of his website. I was nervous about taking his class because I had heard it was difficult and that he called on people to answer questions. I never enjoyed getting called on, fearing that I would embarrass myself. I imagined getting called and not knowing the answer; the silence would stretch on as I wracked my brain to think of something while everyone stared expectantly. 

In the first class, he went over the syllabus and talked about some code he posted on the schedule. He would call on people asking them, “What does this line do?” or “what’s happening here?” While he called on people, I tried to comfort myself thinking, what’s the probability that I’d get called out of so many people? Likely very low right? Lo and behold, my name gets called. But it wasn’t as bad as I had imagined. It seems that he calls on people to have a dialogue with someone to move discussion along quickly rather than asking the entire class. It’s okay if the person called doesn't know the answer or gives the wrong answer, he helps them. So, if you are deathly afraid of getting called, don’t fear, it’s not as bad as you imagine. 
The next class there was a short quiz over python. For those reading this in a future semester, I would suggest paying attention during the first class while he discusses the code he posted to do well on the quiz. 

Currently, I need to work on the assigned project. The thing holding me back from doing the assignment is my lack of focus. I find it very easy to get distracted from homework and do something else. What frequently happens is that I'll be just about ready to start working and then I remember I have some chore to do. Or I'll walk downstairs for a snack and then I see the dogs and start to play with them.

Next week, I plan on working on the project, reading the papers posted to prepare for the quiz on Wednesday and reading the book readings to prepare for the quiz on Friday. Hopefully before the weekend, I can start on the next blog post.

Tip of the week: In my late night web surfing, I found out about a website called leetcode.com. Apparently it's a great way to prepare for technical interviews. People say it's better than hackerRank, however leetcode requires a subscription while hackerRank is free.
